Well what i have now can be barely called a job since the pay is so low it barely covers the costs of showing up but it's a great opportunuty and will get me a great deal of quality experience for what i want work in. I'm also starting university in a few weeks to get a related degree, i'm 26 and i feel late as duck in life in general but at least now i have some sort of plan going forward and goal i actually want to achive unlike when i was in economics., ,Graduated from med school 2 months and will start next month as a pathologist in training. Pretty much the job I’ve been wanting to do since I started med school, hope it lives up to my expectations. Definitely not a dead end job, although technically it kinda is. Haven’t thought much about a retirement. , ,I work as a welder at a massive construction company/contractor. It technically isn't a dead-end job, but it is. I could move up the ladder and become a foreman or supervisor but that is where all the bullshift comes into play. Or, I could go on the road and work in a refinery or a pipeline. But, the work is steady, great benefits, and hell will likely freeze over before this company goes under.  I actually wish I would of went to university like all my friends, and family members. They all work nice comfy desk jobs and make good money without having to kill their bodies everyday. Carry a 50lb tool bucket around for 10 hours a day, 3 mile walk from the worksite to the parking lot, burn 15 pounds of welding wire, work inside ships that are probably around 110f+ and weld shift that produces heat at around 5000f. Oh yeah, and 90% of my co-workers are boomers that have been working the same job, same position for at least 30+ years, and hate their job! Great people to be around.  Moral of the story, go to college for any underaged b&s reading this., ,16-19 I worked in I.T. Did security work after then became a cop for over ten years, and started quite a few businesses during this entire time.  Being a cop wasn't stressful, asides from the scheduling and office politics. Pay was pretty good. $45k during the academy, then $75k after graduating. $80k+ after field training, $90k+ a year after. With all my collateral duties, experience, and training I was making $135k+ without overtime, and there was a lot of overtime.  Some of my companies I started were security consulting (sold), firearm accessory manufacturing, firearms training, online software, some fashion brands, custom made signs, and more. I like all the work I do, but I like how well it pays even more.  Over the years, planning, saving and investing really paid off. I now spend a total of 5-hours a week at most managing all my businesses. Leading up to this point, sometimes the stress of the business could be more than being a cop.  Now I get to spend lots of time with my family who I like, and spend time on my hobbies., ,