How the duck did you make that much as a cop? Did you work in a big city? , ,Mostly through my collateral duties, becoming a sergeant, and lasting more than 5-years. It's a common misconception that cops don't make decent pay, or simply make what the job posting states.  I was a field training officer, riot control supervisor and training officer, firearms instructor and armorer, alternate evidence custodian, site security surveyor, executive protection officer, field negotiator, and a few others. I also spoke Russian and Spanish at the time. The collateral duty pay really added up, When I started the city was about 85k population, now it's over 150k population. 1/3 of those of the population being college students. , ,Currently a real estate agent. My dad has been an agent for 29 years, very successful in our area, and he's teaching me. He has tons of leads and clients from being in the business so long and he just passes along to me almost all his buyer leads (he's tired of working with buyers and driving them around and all that unless they want like a $1.5M or more home) and we co-list every seller lead. This is all in preparation for him to retire when he hits 70 (he's currently 66).  Currently in negotiations for a $1.6M home we're co-listing. Duck yeah, nepotism., ,i used to think i'd be a scientist or game dev.  i'm an electrician's apprentice. my first year working and i already had 2 jobs before this (left old jobs for better pay) and am making $15/hr at 19. i'm just happy i could make it on my own if i needed to or wanted to badly enough. i also made video games since i was a kid and want success in that with my current project. electrical work is relaxed in pace and i'm mostly just learning and want to be a journeyman and invest in a work van and eventually my own company. i wanna manage and help out in cool electric projects for rich people or stages or something. i'm glad i dropped out of college and have been able to get real world exp. i realized i just like hands on work and being able to make something that stimulates or touches people., ,