1 - 1 - ot the person you responded to (i'm the other person in this thread). knowing how to code !=:  - knowing how to plan, scope, and negotiate/compromise on features - estimating time - working with other programmers (and other teams of programmers) - working with nontechncial people - playing politics  the good news is that a good company will know and tolerate this while you learn how to do it  do you have:  - a portfolio - open source contributions - a network of other engineers in your area - any projects built ?, ,Help please: I'm 28. Currently doing low-level admin work- contract expires in December.  I consider this a job, not a career, as there's no upward mobility and it's just something I fell into after I ducked up in University. I don't know what I dream of doing, I just want to become wealthy enough that I might be able to support a family comfortably and retire (nothing in the bank because I life hand to mouth).  What can I do to finally start on a career? Yes, I know I've ducked up and probably tonot the person you responded to (i'm the other person in this thread). knowing how to code !=:  - knowing how to plan, scope, and negotiate/compromise on features - estimating time - working with other programmers (and other teams of programmers) - working with nontechncial people - playing politics  the good news is that a good company will know and tolerate this while you learn how to do it  do you have:  - a portfolio - open source contributions - a network of other engineers in your area - any projects built ?, ,Help please: I'm 28. Currently doing low-level admin work- contract expires in December.  I consider this a job, not a career, as there's no upward mobility and it's just something I fell into after I ducked up in University. I don't know what I dream of doing, I just want to become wealthy enough that I might be able to support a family comfortably and retire (nothing in the bank because I life hand to mouth).  What can I do to finally start on a career? Yes, I know I've ducked up and probably toWhyWhy do men in their early to mid 30's find girls aged 18-22 so attractive and prefer to date them instead of women their age? I've been thinking about this because I'm nearing my mid 20's and I'm worried I'll fall into this trap too. Looking back at my high school years,I never got laid, never asked out girls, I've never been confident and I looked like a fat duck., ,