1 - 1 - ot theWell what i have now can be barely called a job since the pay is so low it barely covers the costs of showing up but it's a great opportunuty and will get me a great deal of quality experience for what i want work in. I'm also starting university in a few weeks to get a related degree, i'm 26 and i feel late as duck in life in general but at least now i have some sort of plan going forward and goal i actually want to achive unlike when i was in economics., ,Graduated from med school 2 months and will start next month as a pathologist in training. Pretty much the job I’ve been wanting to do since I started med school, hope it lives up to my expectations. Definitely not a dead end job, although technically it kinda is. Haven’t thought much about a retirement. , ,I work as a welder at a massive construction company/contractor. It technically isn't a dead-end job, but it is. I could move up the ladder and become a foreman or supervisor but that is where all the bullshift comes into play. Or, I could go on the road and work in a refinery or a pipeline. But, the work is steady, great benefits, and hell will likely freeze over before this company goes under.  I actually wish I would of went to university like all my friends, and family members. They all work nice comfy desk jobs and make good money without having to kill their bodies everyday. Carry a 50lb tool bucket around for 10 hours a day, 3 mile walk from the worksite to the parking lot, burn 15 pounds of welding wire, work inside ships that are probably around 110f+ and weld shift that produces heat at around 5000f. Oh yeah, and 90% of my co-workers are boomers that have been working the same job, same position for at least 30+ years, and hate their job! Great people to be around.  Moral of the story, go to college for any underaged b&s reading this., ,16-19 I worked in I.T. Did security work after then became a cop for over ten years, and started quite a few businesses during this entire time.  Being a cop wasn't stressful, asides from the scheduling and office politics. Pay was pretty good. $45k during the academy, then $75k after graduatiWell what i have now can be barely called a job since the pay is so low it barely covers the costs of showing up but it's a great opportunuty and will get me a great deal of quality experience for what i want work in. I'm also starting university in a few weeks to get a related degree, i'm 26 and i feel late as duck in life in general but at least now i have some sort of plan going forward and goal i actually want to achive unlike when i was in economics., ,Graduated from med school 2 months and will start next month as a pathologist in training. Pretty much the job I’ve been wanting to do since I started med school, hope it lives up to my expectations. Definitely not a dead end job, although technically it kinda is. Haven’t thought much about a retirement. , ,I work as a welder at a massive construction company/contractor. It technically isn't a dead-end job, but it is. I could move up the ladder and become a foreman or supervisor but that is where all the bullshift comes into play. Or, I could go on the road and work in a refinery or a pipeline. But, the work is steady, great benefits, and hell will likely freeze over before this company goes under.  I actually wish I would of went to university like all my friends, and family members. They all work nice comfy desk jobs and make good money without having to kill their bodies everyday. Carry a 50lb tool bucket around for 10 hours a day, 3 mile walk from the worksite to the parking lot, burn 15 pounds of welding wire, work inside ships that are probably around 110f+ and weld shift that produces heat at around 5000f. Oh yeah, and 90% of my co-workers are boomers that have been working the same job, same position for at least 30+ years, and hate their job! Great people to be around.  Moral of the story, go to college for any underaged b&s reading this., ,16-19 I worked in I.T. Did security work after then became a cop for over ten years, and started quite a few businesses during this entire time.  Being a cop wasn't stressful, asides from the scheduling and office politics. Pay was pretty good. $45k during the academy, then $75k after graduati person you responded to (i'm the other person in this thread). knowing how to code !=:  - knowing how to plan, scope, and negotiate/compromise on features - estimating time - working with other programmers (and other teams of programmers) - working with nontechncial people - playing politics  the good news is that a good company will know and tolerate this while you learn how to do it  do you have:  - a portfolio - open source contributions - a network of other engineers in your area - any projects built ?, ,Help please: I'm 28. Currently doing low-level admin work- contract expires in December.  I consider this a job, not a career, as there's no upward mobility and it's just something I fell into after I ducked up in University. I don't know what I dream of doing, I just want to become wealthy enough that I might be able to support a family comfortably and retire (nothing in the bank because I life hand to mouth).  What can I do to finally start on a career? Yes, I know I've ducked up and probably tonot the person you responded to (i'm the other person in this thread). knowing how to code !=:  - knowing how to plan, scope, and negotiate/compromise on features - estimating time - working with other programmers (and other teams of programmers) - working with nontechncial people - playing politics  the good news is that a good company will know and tolerate this while you learn how to do it  do you have:  - a portfolio - open source contributions - a network of other engineers in your area - any projects built ?, ,Help please: I'm 28. Currently doing low-level admin work- contract expires in December.  I consider this a job, not a career, as there's no upward mobility and it's just something I fell into after I ducked up in University. I don't know what I dream of doing, I just want to become wealthy enough that I might be able to support a family comfortably and retire (nothing in the bank because I life hand to mouth).  What can I do to finally start on a career? Yes, I know I've ducked up and probably toWhyWhy do men in their early to mid 30's find girls aged 18-22 so attractive and prefer to date them instead of women their age? I've been thinking about this because I'm nearing my mid 20's and I'm worried I'll fall into this trap too. Looking back at my high school years,I never got laid, never asked out girls, I've never been confident and I looked like a fat duck., ,